# How to start

Run Blackjack.py

When presented with:
```
[L] - Load Save
[S] - Start New Save
```
You must press the key for one of the options. After doing so you will be given further instructions and eventually be taken to the main menu where you will have a few options to choose from.

# Storage

## Save Data

Player data can only be saved manually. After creating a new save a folder named "Save Data" will automatically be generated (if it does not exist already). Player data will be stored in this folder in the form of JSON files (Ex. "Player Name.json"). **Attempting to edit any save file can result in failure to run or loss of data.**

## Error Data

Error data will be stored in a folder named "Error Logs" within the "Save Data" folder (This folder will be generated by the program if necessary.). See [Error Logging](#Error-Logging)

## Modules 

All modules required to run this program are stored within a folder titled "Librarys". Removing this folder will result in the program failing to run.

## Extra Folders

Any extra folders (Such as pycache) are not a part of this program and can be deleted/opened at your own risk.

# Help

## Debugging

To access the debugging menu, go to the main menu within the program and press [D]. This will bring up a menu containing player data, error data, and more.

## Error Logging

All error data detected by the program will automatically be saved to a JSON file located in a folder titled "Error Logs" within the "Save Data" folder. The file titles will be The players name followed by the date and time that the session began (Ex. "Player Name 2000-00-00 12-00-00.json"). A new file will be generated for each session when necassary.

Error data will include the number of errors, error types, and error reasons.

## Beta Features

In some versions of this program you can access beta feature's by pressing [T] on the main menu.

#

###### This file was created for Blackjack.py(Version 0.1.1[5/1/2022])